hello today we will prepare a super glass
original tequila with a cucumber I'll
I explain
x
in powder like chile piquín chile with
salt chile with lemon whatever it is a
teaspoon more or less of this size a
cucumber preferably so be it
a thick that is chubby and long for
what can you
work well with him a small knife and
a large knife that does not have a saw
because then the sierra is like that
cucumber and damage is not very well what
that we have to do that
we cut the cucumber I like to cut
first the banks because the
legend that if I cut the edges and
carvings the cucumber does not get bitter I do not know if
be true, but not my grandmother
He said it and now I always do
after
let's make the glass here we cut like
here
can be the big knife better
and around here more or less
I leave this part
and I'm going to work with this we're going to
start to take the center
if you see that it costs you a little work
down you can breathe a little bit
with the knife to remove everything and
Of course you have to be careful not to arrive
right up down because if not
obviously we are going to make the hole and the
cucumber
it's gone, the glass is not going to work
ready to help me how we were left there
some seeds we can then remove them
obviously we have clean hands
true
and we take out
the little seeds so that when you put the
tequila then do not go out there flying
good floating ready since it looks like this
you can leave the cucumber like that or peel it
everything or make a few
there are some small lines so that
see father
ready
since we have it well, we drain well
well well well well well and in the chile
we put it once and it remains
and now we do empty the tequila
ready we have our good tequila
our glass of tequila does not fall you give yourself
account does not fall down and if you want
that are fresher you can put them
first to the refrigerator to which they are
as fresh they are a little hard not
the goals to the freezer because what
you are going to do is that they will harden and
when they start to warm up with him with
the environment are going to start saving
then it will not come out
the ideal is to put them like this or leave them at
fresh air ready now if health
we come back where they are still happy
parties